README.md, before:

# Rolando Rodríguez - Personal Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio built with **React**, **TailwindCSS**, and **i18next**. It showcases my professional profile, experience, and provides links for contact.

## ✨ Features

- Responsive and accessible design
- Multi-language support with `i18next`
- Custom hover animations using Tailwind and CSS
- Buttons for email, GitHub, and LinkedIn
- Optimized profile image

## 🚀 Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/)
- HTML5 & CSS3
- Inline SVG Icons

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and use npm or yarn:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rolando-r/portfolio-web
cd portfolio-web
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 https://www.rolandor.dev

## 🧑‍💻 Author

Made with ❤️ by [Rolando Rodríguez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rolando-rodriguez-garcia/)

- GitHub: [@rolando-r](https://github.com/rolando-r)
- Email: [roolandoorg@gmail.com](mailto:roolandoorg@gmail.com)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: Update license in the portfolio

README.md, after:

# Rolando Rodríguez - Personal Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio built with **React**, **TailwindCSS**, and **i18next**. It showcases my professional profile, experience, and provides links for contact.

## ✨ Features

- Responsive and accessible design
- Multi-language support with `i18next`
- Custom hover animations using Tailwind and CSS
- Buttons for email, GitHub, and LinkedIn
- Optimized profile image

## 🚀 Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/)
- HTML5 & CSS3
- Inline SVG Icons

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository and use npm or yarn:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rolando-r/portfolio-web
cd portfolio-web
npm install
npm run dev
```

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 https://www.rolandor.dev

## 🧑‍💻 Author

Made with ❤️ by [Rolando Rodríguez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rolando-rodriguez-garcia/)

- GitHub: [@rolando-r](https://github.com/rolando-r)
- Email: [roolandoorg@gmail.com](mailto:roolandoorg@gmail.com)

## 📄 License

This project is not open-source.

You may view the code and use it for learning or inspiration only.  
All rights reserved © 2025 Rolando Rodríguez.
